Card kits for Why did Tudor children work: teacher notes. Keep this away from the pupil pages.

Kit Deal: Which parts of the deal would a Tudor family have minded losing most?
Unit: lesson-section/teaching-sequence/unit-006
Prepare: At tables, one set between two, after slide 9 (the deal). (1 set printed, one per group).
Children are told: Put each card under a heading. Then choose the two cards a Tudor family would have minded losing most.
Headings: Helped the family straight away | Helped the child when he grew up
Answer:
  Case 1: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the family straight away
  Case 2: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the child when he grew up
  Case 3: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the family straight away
  Case 4: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the child when he grew up
  Case 5: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the family straight away
  Case 6: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the child when he grew up
  Case 7: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the family straight away
  Case 8: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the child when he grew up
  Case 9: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the family straight away
  Case 10: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the child when he grew up
  Case 11: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the family straight away
  Case 12: A child worked long days in a workshop and was fed and housed there but was not taught how to make the goods. -> Helped the child when he grew up
Also accept: The baking card under either heading: he learned it now, and it earned his living later. The two the family minded losing most: knowing when bread is baked just right (the trade) and one less mouth to feed.
